Last thing that I want to do, in fact, product is when we added a product, we have description.
Let's add a rich text editor inside the description.
So you can search for a tiny Ms Hickey, and that has the HTML editor right here.
You can sign up for an account and you already have an account so that can be taken.
Inside here, you will just need your API key.
We have the API key right here, so we can just copy that script tag.
Go back to our application and we will open up the dress code layout.
Let's add that at the very end, with all the attached script tags that we have, then we will open
up the absurd few contact product and here let's go back and see how to implement.
We have a script tag in which we have the tiny AMC Dot initialize method.
So let me just copy that.
Go back to our application inside.
Absurd if they scroll down, we have the script tag here.
Let's have that code.
So how this works is we have a selector.
So as long as you have a text area on this page, it would automatically use that pretty simple.
So if we save everything, go back and refresh.
Perfect.
Now we have a rich editor right here.
So that being said, what I will do is I will create about five products and will continue from the
next radio.